Update widget store tutorial (#241)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/python/examples/widget-store.md

Next, let's write the checkout workflow.
This workflow is triggered whenever a customer buys a widget.

> It creates a new order, then reserves inventory, then processes payment, then marks the order as paid and dispatch the order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It creates a new order, then reserves inventory, then processes payment, then marks the order as paid and dispatches the order for fulfillment.
```

A few more functions to go!

First, let's write a workflow to dispatch orders that have been paid for.
This function is responsible for the "progress bar" you see for paid orders on the [live demo page](https://demo-widget-store.cloud.dbos.dev/).

> Every second, it updates the progress of a paid order, then dispatches if the order is fully progressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every second, it updates the progress of a paid order, then dispatches the order if it is fully progressed.
```
